# The-Gaming-Room

  The idea behind this initiative was that I operated as The Gaming Room's technology consultant. The Gaming Room sought to create a web-based game based on their current game, Draw It or Lose It, that works across various platforms. Similar in some ways to the 1980s television game Win, Lose, or Draw, in which teams try to predict what will be drawn. As hints, the program will display images from a vast library of stock drawings rather than a player sketching pictures on an easel to assist team members in guessing the problem, a phrase, title, or thing. There are four rounds of play in a game, and each round lasts one minute. At the 30-second point, all drawings have been rendered in their entirety. The remaining teams have a chance to offer one guess each to solve the puzzle with a 15-second time limit if the team does not guess the puzzle before the time runs out.
  I believe my work was strongest in the final portion of the design document, personal recommendations. The goal seemed to strike a compromise between the demands of The Game Room today and their ability to expand in the future while still offering affordable options. The creation of the design document helped you gain a general understanding of the tasks involved in creating any application. The review of the software design template, server side, client side, and development tools area, in particular, might use a more thorough rethink to be more focused on developing our game for each platform, as well as for a Java server and web front end. It can be challenging to translate user wants into software design since, the corporation maybe could have conducted market research to determine where they had the best possibility of penetrating the gaming market. 
  Understanding and anticipating a client's demands is crucial when creating software for them. However, it's also crucial that we, the designers, give them choices, particularly economical choices when creating for a business. Your chances of designing and creating a product that performs successfully for your clients increase as you have a deeper understanding of their demands. And in order to approach and take on this assignment, you must first analyze and comprehend the issue at hand, identify key characteristics, and then formulate at least one potential solution, each of which must be described. Additionally, potentially a deeper understanding of the architecture and design of this project, particularly the client and server systems and the supporting subsystems that manage the other modules could be beneficial.
